Validate unsearchable (#1697)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
* Fixed an issue where the **update-release-notes** command crashes with `--help` flag.

> * Added a validation to the **validate** command that verifies that `unsearchable` field in incident, indicator and generic fields is set to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added validation to the **validate** command that verifies the `unsearchable` key in incident, indicator and generic fields is set to true.
```
